'Refer to Company Table of Contents', 'Not Supported Table of Contents', 'Special Consideration Table of Contents', 'Full Form Name Table of Contents', 'Base RaaS Overrides New Table of Contents', 'Refer to Company Rule 22.C.3.a Description Of Commercial General Liability Coverage CG 01 01 Refer To Company for rating Texas Changes - Airport Liability Endorsement Form CG 01 01, Texas Changes - Airport Liability Endorsement, is supported with a Manual Premium page field. The Manual Page field will be included in the total premium calculation. The customer can utilize the manual page premium page field provided or develop the rating calculation within the company rate book.', 'Refer to Company Rule 22.C.3.d Description Of Commercial General Liability Coverage CG 01 56 Refer To Company for rating Texas Changes - Pesticide Or Herbicide Applicator - Limited Pollution Coverage Endorsement Form CG 01 56, Texas Changes - Pesticide Or Herbicide Applicator - Limited Pollution Coverage Endorsement, is supported with a Manual Premium page field. The Manual Page field will be included in the total premium calculation. The customer can utilize the manual page premium page field provided or develop the rating calculation within the company rate book.', 'Refer to Company Rule 36.C.12 Description Of Additional Optional Endorsements - Exclusion Endorsements CG 26 46 Refer To Company for rating Texas Abuse Or Molestation Exclusion Endorsement Form CG 26 46, Texas Abuse Or Molestation Exclusion Endorsement, is supported with a Manual Premium page field. The Manual Page field will be included in the total premium calculation. The customer can utilize the manual page premium page field provided or develop the rating calculation within the company rate book.', 'Refer to Company Rule 36.C.25 Description Of Additional Optional Endorsements - Exclusion Endorsements CG 26 41 Refer To Company for rating Texas Abuse Or Molestation Exclusion - Specified Professional Services Endorsement Form CG 26 41, Texas Abuse Or Molestation Exclusion - Specified Professional Services Endorsement, is supported with a Manual Premium page field. The Manual Page field will be included in the total premium calculation. The customer can utilize the manual page premium page field provided or develop the rating calculation within the company rate book.', 'Refer to Company Rule 36.E.2 Description Of Additional Optional Endorsements - Coverage Amendment Endorsements CG 32 08 Refer To Company for rating Texas Changes - Binding Arbitration Endorsement Form CG 32 08, Texas Changes - Binding Arbitration Endorsement, is supported with a Manual Premium page field. The Manual Page field will be included in the total premium calculation. The customer can utilize the manual page premium page field provided or develop the rating calculation within the company rate book.', 'Refer to Company Rule 36.E.2 Description Of Additional Optional Endorsements - Coverage Amendment Endorsements CG 32 09 Refer To Company for rating Texas Changes - Non-Binding Arbitration Endorsement Form CG 32 09, Texas Changes - Non-Binding Arbitration Endorsement, is supported with a Manual Premium page field. The Manual Page field will be included in the total premium calculation. The customer can utilize the manual page premium page field provided or develop the rating calculation within the company rate book.'